An experimental and free-jazz psych-folk tune with jazz influences from Europe.
A powerful and dynamic rock track that blends industrial and electronic elements for a thrilling and energetic sound.
A lively and energizing rock anthem that gets audiences pumped up and singing along.
This song is a fusion of pop and experimental pop that creates a unique and innovative sound.
This song is a mashup of punk, progressive, rock, and no wave genres.
This song is a unique mix of experimental sounds and styles that push the boundaries of conventional music.
An experimental electroacoustic instrumental composition featuring ambient soundscapes and field recordings.
This rock song has a punk essence to it.
This song is a fusion of both heavier metal and more melodic rock genres.
This song features international sounds and influences.
A chaotic, yet danceable blend of punk, new wave, and post-punk elements with electronic, experimental, and industrial influences, featuring chip music and a heavy drone focus.
A wild and rebellious rock anthem with psychedelic and bluesy undertones, this song is loud and energetic.
A soothing and atmospheric instrumental folk song plays in the background.
A high-energy punk rock track with grungy garage undertones.
A hip hop and electronic infused tune with strong elements of dubstep.
This song is a combination of pop and experimental pop.
A diverse indie-rock song that incorporates elements of rock, electronic, goth and trip-hop.
This song is a classic rock anthem with driving guitars and powerful lyrics.
A folk song from a British artist with traditional string instruments such as the fiddle and guitar.
The song is an epic blend of space-rock, rock, and post-rock genres.
A noisy and experimental track with a chaotic sound.
A wild electrified sound consisting of experimental jazz, avant-garde, glitch, and free-jazz, with traces of noise and electroacoustics out there.
A song that incorporates avant-garde, electroacoustic, experimental and musique concrete with field recordings.
This song combines elements of punk, rock, and no wave.